Configure max text length (#17914)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_18_15.md

#### Scripts
##### SanePdfReports
- Docker image has been updated to: *demisto/sane-pdf-reports:1.0.0.27172*.

> - Add support configuring maximum text length of table cells

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *tableTextMaxLength* argument for limiting the maximum text length of table cells.
```
